# Generation of Multiple Hood Geometries

This directory provides a set of Python scripts and associated data for generating 3D automotive‑hood models. These STLs are used by the simulation workflow.

## Contents

- `01_Generate_Base_Skin_STLs.py`  
  Loads the geometry from CarHoods10k set and creates a base shell/skins with user defined thickness.
 
- `Clustering_Cutouts/CurveDB_ClusterFeatures.py`  
  Generates JSON with clustering labels for each curve in the database based on curve perimeter and area - clustering_output_clusters_9.json

- `02_Creating_Hoods_multiProc.py`  
  Creates the multiple hood geometries based on user defined parameters (e.g., curve count, spacing, symmetry) using the base skins generated by 01_Generate_Base_Skin_STLs.py and clustering labels from JSON file.
  	Variable explanations:
	center_dist_range: Controls the uniform random selection of the distance between the cutting plane and the hood’s symmetry axis.
	min_dist_range: Ensures that adjacent curves within a single cut operation maintain a minimum separation.
	num_samples_outer: Defines how many distinct curve‐pair groups are drawn from each cluster per outer loop.
	cp_nums and cp_reps: Implement a multi‑stage sampling strategy: at stage i, select cp_nums[i] curves (on one side) and repeat that selection cp_reps[i] times, enforcing symmetry by mirroring.
	num_repetitions_outer: Specifies how many independent full‐set samplings of outer curve‐pairs occur for each cluster.

## Dependencies

- Python 3.8+ 
- scikit-learn  
- pyMadCAD  
- PyVista (or your preferred STL‐rendering library)  
- Multiprocessing (built‑in)  
- Any JSON utilities (e.g. built‑in `json` module)

Install required packages:
None

```bash
pip install pyvista scikit-learn pyMadCAD
```
---

##  License

CC BY-NC 4.0 License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---



